----------------------------------------DO YOU NEED HELP?------------------------------------------------


  The CV Generator desktop application allows you to store many CVs in the application, write information about the CV owner,
   and easily collect the information contained in the system about the CV owner you want.
In this user guide, you can get help with the following questions;
 -Adding a CV to the System
 -Updating the Information that You Already Added
 -Searching for a Specific CV
 -Deleting a CV
 -Generating a CV
 -Printing a CV


1. ADD CV TO THE DATABASE

  Press the "Add CV" button in the "Tools" section on the screen to add a new CV to the "CV Generator" application.
After filling the information you would like to enter into the system about the owner of the document, import the
desired document by chosing "Choose CV File" button that appears on the screen.
 After that step, you should choose the "Add CV to Database" button.

2. UPDATE A CV

  To make changes to the information you wrote together with the CV document you uploaded to the system,
use search button to find the document you want to update. Please read the instructions under the heading
"Search CV" for more detailed information about the search button. Once you reach the page you would like
to update, click the "Update" button. After making any necessary changes to the information displayed on
the screen, click the update CV button. As a result, the software will automatically upload the final version
of the information you have changed.

3. SEARCH CV

  To access a CV that you have previously uploaded to the system and the information that you have written
about the CV owner, use the search button on the main screen. Since the information you previously entered
into the system is saved as a tag, you could indeed quickly access the desired document by searching for
keywords related to the document you wish to view. Please look at the other topics for the actions you
would like to take after reaching the desired search result.

4. DELETE CV

  To delete an already-uploaded CV from the "CV Generator" application, use the search button to search
for keywords (tags) related to the page you're looking for.After selecting the option that you would
like to delete, you could delete the mentioned CV as well as the information that you previously entered
about the CV's owner by pressing the "Delete" button that appears on the screen. Whether you're having
trouble finding the document you would like to remove from the system, look under the "Search CV" heading.

5. GENERATE A CV

  If you believe that the CV you uploaded to the system is insufficient, if you have the person's information
but no CV document to upload to the system, or if you need to create a new CV for any reason, you should use
the "Generate CV" option. On the homepage, select the "Tools" option and then the "Generate CV" feature.
After filling out the fields with the owner's name, surname, education, and abilities, click the "Generate" button.
As a result, the application will generate a new CV based on the information you entered.

6. PRINT CV

  On the homepage, select the "Tools" option and then the "Print CV" feature. To find the document you would
like to print, enter keywords related to the document's owner into the search box and search for it.
Please read the "Search CV" heading if you have any further questions about the search button. After
making your choice from the options, click the "Print" button to print the page.
